---
layout: post
title:  "Lab 4"
categories: Lab
tags: Tableau Geovisualzation Markdown
author: SYX
---

* content
{:toc}

## Lab 4: Task 1
# Task 
<iframe src="https://public.tableau.com/shared/MWBR7H9HC?:showVizHome=no&:embed=true" width="100%" height="500"></iframe>









<iframe src="https://public.tableau.com/views/Lab3_209/Task3-1?:showVizHome=no&:embed=true" width="100%" height="500"></iframe>
<iframe src="https://public.tableau.com/views/Lab3_209/Task3-2?:showVizHome=no&:embed=true" width="100%" height="500"></iframe>
<iframe src="https://public.tableau.com/views/Lab3_209/Task3-3?:showVizHome=no&:embed=true" width="100%" height="500"></iframe>




# Discussion
1. Explain the relationship between child poverty rate, adult education, and percent of single-parent households.

    Figure task 3-1 showed the relationship between the child poverty rate (X) and percent of single-parent households (Y). The trend line between the two variables is also displayed (Y=0.717104*X+15.0768, R-Squred=0.49). The slope is 0.717104, which means that with the increase of poverty rate, the percent of the single-parent household also increase. The P-value is less than 0.0001, which indicates that there is a very small chance that child poverty rate and percent of single-parent households without any correlation at all would produce such a relationship. They are definitely correlated.

    Figure task 3-2 showed the relationship between adult education (X) and percent of single-parent households (Y).  From the results of the trend line, Y=0.56949X+24.6249, R-Squred=0.141299, P<0.0001, we can draw the conclusion that there is a weak correlation between adult education and percent of single-parent households. 

    Figure task 3-3 showed the relationship between adult education and the child poverty rate (Y=0.818871X+13.001, R-Squred=0.306522, P<0.0001). With the increase of percent of less than a high school diploma, the poverty rate for related children under 18 also increased. We can draw the conclusion that adult education has a positive effect on the poverty rate.


2. Discuss the utility of using interactive filters in the visualization.

    The interactive filters provide dynamic options to the charts. Once we added the interactive filters to our static chart, we can use the filters to select data for specific conditions. This tool would help us to hide interference data or unnecessary data.

